key|weight|desc
Sulphur|3|In the center of this village is a perpetual flame spouting from a hole in the ground, which is actually the location of the original well. Below the town is a pocket of gas that's mostly methane. Old Jim Straw lit his pipe at the well 30 years ago and cause an explosion (he was never seen again). The villagers make use of the fire to warm themselves and cook.
Coven|3|The village was originally a witch coven. Farmers from the area would come see them so often for help with diseases, curse, and potions that a hamlet formed in the area. The witches are long dead, but the town remains with citizens proud of their origins.
Bullhead|3|Situated on top of a hill, this village provides a great viewpoint of surrounding fields. It has a massive wooden structure in the center of town that can be lit on fire in case there is danger spotted, warning residents from the area that they should prepare.
Fairyhaven|3|The citizens of this village have always had a great relationship with the local fae population and exist in symbiosis with them. Fae protect the village, and the citizens provide whatever the fae need. Strangers are unwelcome unless they are travelling merchants plying their wares.
17615|3|Above the village is a tower that once housed a literal math wizard. He enforced numbering everything, and about 75% of the citizens still have numerical names. It's a rare village with a grid street layout and numbered addresses. The math wizard was defeated by big dumb orcs a long time ago and no one remembers what the name of the town refers to.
Pit|3|This location was once a training ground for the gladiatorial combat of a long-fallen empire. At the outskirts of town is an ancient and crumbling arena, and 4 times a year the village holds events showcasing feats of strength and athletic mastery.
Raceway|3|Everything in Raceway is about racing. Horse, chariot, foot, snake...it doesn't matter. Citizens run from one place to another as much as possible, and when they are too old or crippled to run they are carried by runners (and there is a specific competition of carrying old people around to the shops as quickly as possible). The village is surrounded by a cobblestone-paved track. Raceway is not far from Pit (#6) and they have a positive competitive rivalry between them.
Allhands|3|Located far from other places, Allhands is a strange sociological phenomenon. They've taken sharing to an insane degree, where there is no ownership of anything. There's no marriage. There's no defined parents. They work together constantly and take what they need from wherever it happens to be. There's a lot of inefficiency, as it takes a while to find things they are looking for. They all also are constantly chewing the petals of a strange blue flower that grows only in the region...perhaps the reason for some of this behaviour.
Highnote|3|The village is a supply source for the local bard college, and exists only to ensure musicians can proffer their trade. If you wish to learn music, or how to make musical instruments, you really must come to Highnote to fully complete your education.
Halfhaven|3|Halfhaven is entirely populated by the mixing of various races...half-orc, half-elf, half-halfling-dwarf, half-orc-elf-halfing-goblin all exist here. The town was formed to protect those who are shunned from so-called 'pure' societies. Be warned, this town is full of wild magic and any sort of speech about one race being better is dealt with swiftly and harshly.